Fix titles for AWS Policy packs (#820)
turbot/guardrails-samples: policy_packs/aws/ec2/enforce_encryption_by_default_is_enabled_for_ebs_volumes/README.md

primary_category: "security"
---

> # Enforce Encryption by Default Is Enabled for AWS EC2 EBS Volumes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Enforce Default Encryption Is Enabled for New AWS EBS Volumes
```
